Improve globalThis description (#31867)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/grammar_and_types/index.md

Global variables are in fact properties of the _global object_.

> In web pages, the global object is {{domxref("window")}}, so you can set and access global variables using the `window.variable` syntax. In general, in all environments, the [`globalThis`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/globalThis) variable (which itself is a global variable) may be used to set and access global variables. This is to provide a consistent interface within various JavaScript runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In web pages, the global object is {{domxref("window")}}, so you can read and set global variables using the `window.variable` syntax. In all environments, the [`globalThis`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/globalThis) variable (which itself is a global variable) may be used to read and set global variables. This is to provide a consistent interface among various JavaScript runtimes.
```
